                                DISCLAIMER
                                ==========
   I make no warranty of any kind, express or implied, including without
limitation, any warranties of merchantability and/or fitness for a particular
purpose.  I shall not be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect,
special or consequential arising from a failure of this program to operate in
the manner desired by the user.  I shall not be liable for any damage to data
or property which may be caused directly or indirectly by the use of this
program.
   IN NO EVENT WILL I BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST
PROFITS,  LOST SAVINGS OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
OUT OF YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY
OTHER PARTY.

   When you decide to use this package, you automatically agree for the
following conditions:

1. I hold copyrights for these sources, and my name must be left intact, even
   if only part of source file is used.
2. The sources can be used to create any new software which if redistributed
   will be redistributed FREE only (as IRIT executable). You dont have to
   release your sources, but if you do, they must be free as well.
3. No part of the sources, will be used for commercial purposes.
4. All the sources here can be redistributed FREE only, and exactly as they
   are provided to you - the exact same files. You may alter the archive
   program if you prefer (i.e. to zoo format for example), but thats it!
5. Although stated in 4, you may charge for the distribution reasonable amount
   of money (not more that $10).

  I decided to release these sources, mainly for educational purposes. Many
peoples point out, they can learn from the sources, so here is your chance.
  I certainly would like to see this set of programs continue to expand
in two main direction:
1. Improving and/or fixing problems/bugs.
2. Porting these set of program to different environments.

Gershon Elber

Email:  gershon@cs.technion.ac.il

mail:   Computer Science Department
	Technion, Israel Institute of Technology
	Haifa 32000
	Israel
